Add context to Functions Node.js runtime note (#5181)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/_includes/content/functions/runtime.md

> As of April 30, 2023, Functions has migrated from Node.js 14.x to Node.js 16.x. This change automatically takes effect as you update and deploy an existing function. All new functions will use Node.js 16x. While you're not required to take any action, Segment recommends checking your function post-deployment to ensure everything's working as expected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April 30, 2023, Functions migrated from Node.js 14.x to Node.js 16.x. This change automatically takes effect as you update and deploy an existing function. All new functions use Node.js 16.x. Segment recommends you to check your function post-deployment to ensure everything's working. 
```
